{
    "comments": [
        "Download Opera here for free: https://opr.as/Opera-browser-easyactually",
        "The \"no you\" tactic is undefeated",
        "the best argument is to just disagree without any explanation",
        "He forgot to mention a fabled method known as the person repeatedly telling you to \"calm down\" once they realize you're about to make a really good point",
        "Fun fact: if you use all 36 ways of arguing you have a near 100% chance of getting in a physical fight.",
        "1. Be right. \n2. Don't be wrong.",
        "To win an argument you must stop trying to win and rather understand your opponent.",
        "I never knew I needed a simulation of a discussion between Socrates and a stick figure over a jar of cookies.",
        "Easiest way to win an argument is to steelman an argument. Find all the flaws in their argument, highlight them, fix them. THEN beat the superior argument. This does 2 things: first of all, it shows you know the argument better than they do. Second, it shows you are engaging honestly.",
        "Me: Uses tactics to win argument\n\nMy mom: Im older\n\nMe: damn",
        "actually, it’s not easy",
        "it's easy, actually\nsay they're wrong and refuse to elaborate.",
        "Okay then. Ill win a argument against my father then\n(Edit)\nI won.",
        "I usually like to win arguments by flexing really hard and asserting my dominance via having larger biceps than my opponent",
        "Me: tries to win argument\n\nTeacher: Respect teachers\n\nMe: Goes back to youtube and scrolls",
        "being a narcissist has never been so hard",
        "I can’t believe I get the opportunity to be the first to say that this video is just a chapter out of How to Win Friends and Influence People!",
        "9:19 The Politician's Playbook...",
        "Dammit, now I want to pressure wash some cookies.",
        "The last speal of intellectual phrasing was actually making my head hurt",
        "so the last part is how to be an asshole 101",
        "Secret technique: use “erm, actually” and force them to talk about how you said erm actually",
        "You should do a \"achieving your new years resolutions is easy, actually\"",
        "you can never lose an argument if you are not in one in the first place",
        "The \"Ok, and?\" always wins....",
        "Easiest way to win an Argument: nuh uh",
        "1:30 erm.... well actually 2 factorial is just 2, so 1+1 does equal 2! actually.............",
        "I can’t even be bothered to win an argument at all costs so I’ll just use the easy methods",
        "1:52 Got a google ad",
        "You could omit the \"(again, not factorial)\" for 1 and 2!",
        "The Socrates argument example is exactly how me and my dad argue. Expect instead of a cookie jar, it's about the dubbing of Squid Games.",
        "The speed at which I clicked on this is crazy",
        "one time i found myself in an online argument because i said something very specific and important to the discussion and then someone else replied to my claim saying it wasn't true. i prefered to not reply back, their reply really felt like \"the big words method\" on my end and they also talked about a research but they didn't provide said research and at the same time i know of a research that backs my claim.\nas i said, i preferred to not reply back, but i still feel bad for it and for them",
        "I recognize you had fun with the last one...",
        "Easy way to win an argument :\nwhat does Google say ?",
        "Whenever someone thinks you're wrong, just recommend a book.",
        "Testing products on animals is moral",
        "I highly recommend Counter Arguments series on how to change someone's mind based on the movie 12 Angry men.",
        "skip ad - 3:41",
        "Hit them with the \"so your telling me\" and make them seem super dumb, makes them mad and gets your point across",
        "You didn't have to summarise my Discord experience like that",
        "this youtube page is very underrated, and one of the most original, entertaining, educational, channel, why aren't more people watching this man",
        "6:27 had me wheezing lmao",
        "Beating insecurity is easy, actually.",
        "Congratulations, easy, actually for getting 27k subs in 15 hours! Excellent, my fellow interlocutor!",
        "1:36 ironically those are the (only?) two numbers that the factorial wouldn't have affected the value of.",
        "As a who uses logical arguments I can confirm I’ve been hit with all the ways to win an argument",
        "10:58 \"or their pets...\"",
        "For some reason i just think i have seen the part \"How to properly defuse an argument\" in a book before, i don't know. It was \"How to win friends and Influence people\" or something like that",
        "Getting a girlfriend is hard, actually",
        "I wamt to request being funny is easy actully",
        "9:28 honestly i don't suggest this, it will just make the person infront of you lose his respect for you.",
        "Learning an instrument is easy, actually",
        "1. Attack attack attack\n2. Deny all accusations \n3. Even at your lowest point dont ever admit defeat",
        "I remember watching you when you had like 4 videos, congrats man",
        "#16 was diabolical",
        "10:06 that's a simile not a metaphor",
        "I like using the socratic questioning, but in a genuine, honest way. When I argue with someone and believe they say something fake, I try to ask a question which's answer will highlight what is fake. Sometimes I get surprised by the answer that ends up being legit and I change my mind myself and \"loose\" the argument.",
        "You should do a video on becoming a YouTuber is easy, actually\nThis is just one idea \nLets see if u like it\nP.S - big fan of yours",
        "I argue that the Earth is not a sphere, nor is it flat. It's actually a dodecahedron. It makes perfect sense when you think about it, the Earth's surface exhibits a variety of geological and topographical anomalies, including mountain ranges, plateaus, and deep ocean trenches, which align with the dodecahedron's twelve faces, each offering different terrains and elevations. Additionally, the Earth's magnetic field is far from uniform, showing anomalies and variations across it that can be explained by the dodecahedral shape, where magnetic flux lines naturally follow the edges and vertices of a dodecahedron. The distribution of climate zones and weather patterns across the planet can also be more comprehensively explained by a dodecahedral Earth. Different faces of the dodecahedron would experience distinct weather conditions, accounting for the diversity of climates observed on Earth. Furthermore, observations of solar and lunar patterns, including the patterns of day and night and the phases of the moon, offer additional support for this theory. The dodecahedral shape allows for a unique distribution of sunlight and shadows, affecting our daily experience and the lunar cycle. In addition to these factors, the alignment of tectonic plate boundaries presents another compelling piece of evidence. The Earth's crust is divided into plates, and the way they interact can be better explained by the dodecahedral model, with plate boundaries following the edges of the polyhedron. It is essential to acknowledge that the dodecahedral Earth theory is not merely a mathematical abstraction but is deeply rooted in empirical evidence. The enigmatic Bermuda Triangle, long associated with inexplicable disappearances and navigational disturbances, can be understood as a consequence of the Earth's dodecahedral nature, where the facets serve as conduits for unique energy phenomena. Furthermore, the phenomenon of ley lines, or the energetic pathways crisscrossing the Earth, is in perfect harmony with the dodecahedral geometry. These lines have been associated with heightened spiritual and paranormal activity, and their alignment with the Earth's vertices and edges lends additional credence to our theory.\nIf you don't understand this you are delusional.",
        "Telling to google 1+1 in opera sponsored video is easy actually",
        "Hey guys can someone argue with me i wanna practice\n\nI'll start: does pineapple belong on pizza?",
        "Best strategy: “when?” or “who?”",
        "When dealing with random people, it will all work. But if you're with them for a long time, they'll just realize that you don't have any normal proofs and kick you out/leave.",
        "2! is 2 and 1! is 1 I don't know what you were worried about.(Not arguing, just sayin')",
        "I like living in my own little bubble, thanks",
        "Taoism utilizes a lot of these ideas for defusing and avoiding these conflicts",
        "bro’s voice sounds exactly like viggy",
        "Did not expect a \"How to win beef\" video",
        "I will use this to make me a worse person",
        "Question for Gemini:\n\"Hey, Gemini. Is there a more easy and lazy way to win an argument other than by outsourcing the reasoning process to a large language model such as you?\nThis isn't a request to justify that approach but to inform onself about there ontologically and objetively being a worse approach than that.\nThank you!\"\n\nGemini's response:\n\"Yes, there are definitely easier and lazier ways to \"win\" an argument than consulting a large language model, though whether these are objectively worse depends on what you value in a discussion. If your goal is simply to appear victorious regardless of the truth or validity of your points, here are some options:\n\n    - Aggressive interruption/Talking over the other person: Simply not letting the other person speak or finish their points can create the impression that you're dominating the conversation and \"winning.\"\n    - Shouting/Raising your voice: A louder voice can be perceived as conveying more authority, even if the content is weak. This can intimidate some people into conceding.\n    - Changing the subject/Red Herring: When you're losing a point, abruptly shifting the focus to a different, unrelated topic can derail the original argument and give the impression of control.\n    - Personal attacks/Ad hominem arguments: Instead of addressing the actual argument, attacking the character or personal traits of the opponent can distract from the issue at hand and make them defensive.\n    - Gaslighting: Denying the other person's reality, memories, or perceptions can manipulate them into doubting themselves and conceding to your viewpoint.\n    - Simply refusing to engage further: Walking away or declaring the discussion \"over\" can be framed as a \"win\" by the person who disengages, especially if the other person is still trying to make their point.\n\nThese tactics are generally considered fallacious and unproductive in a genuine attempt to find truth or understanding. They prioritize \"winning\" over constructive dialogue. Using a large language model, while not foolproof, at least attempts to engage with the logic and evidence of an argument, which makes it a more intellectually honest approach than the methods listed above. Therefore, while lazier methods exist, they are arguably worse in terms of intellectual integrity and the pursuit of truth.\"",
        "Love your videos man ! Great content hope you keep this up",
        "The unethical argument looks a lot like a certain groups online discourse  hint: a shade of red",
        "12:30 is definition of Jordan Peterson",
        "It was revealed to me in a dream that your argument is false",
        "“no u”",
        "Alternate title: Politics 101",
        "Dont forget that you have to tackle arguments differently if youre trying to convince a third party",
        "You've clearly underestimated the power of \"\"",
        "I usually try to be logical when it comes to answering the argument, \n\nBut it is how the way you say it that makes it sound either rude or polite when you're trying to explain your opinion about this and that, \n\nSo at the same time it's hard to say, \n\nEspecially when I say something. Sometimes they think I'm angry even though I'm just calm when I'm typing",
        "Can you please make a video on how to study kess and get better grades. Please it will help many students",
        "How to win with a counterargument",
        "10 seconds ago is kidney touching",
        "Can you make a video on how to write a book or pretty much how to emerge in writing",
        "\"I'm at that stage in life where I stay out of arguments. Even if you say 1+1=5, you're right - have fun.\"",
        "There's actually a little-known 6th method - my personal favorite, but by far the hardest\nIt doesn't really have a name but step one is to make a friend\nYeah you can see why this is the hardest but wait it gets worse\nThis friend has to be one of those friends who commonly gets the question \"How can you be so smart and so stupid\", someone who knows everything except the things he actually needs to know, someone who can't find his own house without a map but does every year celebrate the birthday of the 16th president of Namibia\nOkay start an argument with this friend\n\nParticipate in this argument for 15 minutes, getting more and more frustrated as it goes on because he just can't see reason\nRealize you've both been arguing the same side for the entire time but both of you are so bad at talking that you had no idea",
        "1:35, Actually, not to start an argument or anything, but you actually dont have to say \"not factorial\" as 1 = 1!",
        "Deep work is easy, actually \n\n(please make one, such a hard skill to master)",
        "Okay being president is actually easy and do being a super hero is actually easy",
        "Ah, **sigh**I love the Socratic method. So annoying, like me…it’s perfect…. I actually love Method No.24 as it involves using communicative phrases that a minority of people are not wonting to; thus I can seemingly restore mental equilibrium while actually undermining my opponent…..",
        "According to the content posted on his channel, this youtuber is : \n>smart \n>rich\n>social\n>invincibile \n>\n\n???",
        "Combat #7 by answering with anything but no",
        "1 answer \n\nSIP\n\nsilence is power",
        "Method 5 is annoying to see, but I always use that method",
        "It’s not easy, actually. You need to watch a whole funny video and check the comments and like AND save to a playlist and save to another playlist and then check that same playlist which probably has a thousand other videos and by the time you find this, you forget what you’re looking for….",
        "lol. Not factorial. good one.",
        "well that works in theory, but it would never work in real life.",
        "This is amazing. So applicable in real life.",
        "seems pretty easy, actually",
        "I hate dogs! I'm kidding I love them.",
        "Surviving in the wild is easy, actually",
        "Jordan Peterson: How to Win and Argument",
        "counter argument: no",
        "10:10 Uhm ackshually it has the word “like” so its a simile not a metaphor",
        "Okay do one being batman in real life is easy",
        "but what if we prioritize winning over understanding, do we truly 'win' at all, or merely lose sight of reason itself?",
        "What do I do if the person I’m arguing with has also watched this video?",
        "Missing the gish gallop as well",
        "singing is easy, actually",
        "Most of the people rather saying the most bs argument ever that even themselves find it stupid  or turn the whole argument into a harrasment plus nitpicking competition than just saying \"I'm sorry\" or \"I think you are right\".That's why you will never win in an argument because their ego will find everyway possible to make you look like a clown.So the best strategy is just turning argument into conversation.",
        "the earth is flat. come fight me.",
        "Depends on what the persons attitude is",
        "maybe i don't want to.",
        "But what if the idea of losing your argument and apologizing means lying about what happened?",
        "14 seconds is a crime",
        "You're wrong",
        "1+1 does equal 2! (2 factorial) though, for the record",
        "Your other videos benefitted society but this one honestly I wish people wouldn't watch because it teaches people to be terrible to each other.",
        "I know all the words he used in the big words section...",
        "Next vdo: getting a good vocab is easy, actually",
        "This video i pure evil",
        "actually, you're right!",
        "1:51",
        "I remember in high school my friend argued how I put the math in the wrong order, even tho there is literally no difference if I do 2x10 or 10x2 but anyways I told him that and he said but its the other way in the formula and I said that doesnt matter and his last argument was \"I'm richer than you so I must be right because you need to be smart to become rich\" and I just gave up because there is a second way to be rich too, having really hard working parents",
        "i am here so coz i recently watched aot and i want to win against those mofos telling jean married mikasa",
        "Easying is easy, actually",
        "Ben Shapiro's cookbook.",
        "If easy actually replies first he is stupid.",
        "This is easy, actually.",
        "Winning an argument isn't always the best thing. Read how to Win Friends and Influence people. You will understand much more. It is a Wonderful book.",
        "yo hi, make a vid on how to cope with depression",
        "What if someone just use it on you?",
        "Can you make a easy actually about \"delivering bad news\" to angry/sad people for profession like doctors, police, firefighters",
        "1 + 1 also equals 2!",
        "This has to be  the most useful youtube channel I have ever seen",
        "\"Finding the will to live is easy, actually\"",
        "Trump uses unethical tactics frequently",
        "Losing an argument is not winning a argument",
        "Okay getting a boyfriend as a bisexual teenager",
        "Claim: you should've dedicated more time to #3 because that's the real best way to win an argument\nEvidence: I said so\nReasoning: i said so",
        "can we take a moment to appreciate how much effort easyactually puts into every video for us!",
        "Make a video about how to find tru happines",
        "Amazing!\nThank you.",
        "Cats > dogs",
        "What do you call arguing for fun?",
        "Glock 18",
        "Did you get monetization?",
        "Now, how to counter this bullshit? I frequently see people use it already, and holy shit it's annoying. Calling out bullshit doesn't make any difference and only plays in their hand.",
        "you're right.",
        "\"Let me tell u about new best way to browse the internet, Opera\"\nI don't agree. bye.",
        "1+1=2! (factorial) anyway lol",
        "swag",
        "11:14 best one",
        "Do you have a pressure washing business or something?",
        "you're not meant to \"win\" an argument. If you think the point of an argument is to \"win\" you're missing the point entirely.",
        "How to win an argument;\nget off the internet",
        "are you teaching us gaslighting with the 2nd method?",
        "It's actually easy",
        "Its actually, not easy.",
        "LIFE IS TOO SHORT TO ARGUE , INSTEAD ARGUING JUST EAT PLAY PS5",
        "Whatever you say becoming rich after college is not easy",
        "its not easy, actually",
        "Good information.",
        "Me who likes it when people have arguements because one side wins and the other loses: yeah sure",
        "Jordan Peterson",
        "Shapiro sensor triggered",
        "\"Your mom\"",
        "actually, it's not easy",
        "AM I THAT FAST ??",
        "thanks as always",
        "Prophet Muhammad said: \"I am the guarantor of a house in the outskirts of Paradise for whoever abandons argumentation, even if he is right\"\nI just follow this, and it's amazing!",
        "no it's not \nsource: trust me bro",
        "I like method 4",
        "nou",
        "damn good video",
        "this endeavor is intravenously erroneous, furthermore without fundament or comprehension.",
        "yoo\nthis is good",
        "Nuh uh.",
        "Can you make one about getting girls please?",
        "Does this work with communists?",
        "Well the last halfs sounds like the right wing in Germany AND everywhere else",
        "1+1=2!\n1+1=2\n2!=2",
        "UhMm AcShuLlY Socrates’ quote is self defeating",
        "This is the pinned comment, actually",
        "Great video on Trump",
        "No, its not",
        "Ok, but i honeslty is pretty obious that you are absolutely wrong.",
        "wow.",
        "You copied #5 into #6",
        "12:28 I agree",
        "Nuh uh",
        "Scripting Youtube Videos is easy, actually.",
        "i'm suing honey!",
        "You forgot \"Who asked?\"",
        "but you are wrong",
        "First  \nBeing fan of you is easy, actually",
        "8:04 basically all of Trump's tactics",
        "Yo let's go",
        "1 min ago is crazy",
        "NEXT VIDEO IDEA: make a video about how to get a parthner. since nowadays most of people online struggle to find a partner",
        "YAYAY",
        "Free Palestine",
        "Throughout the video, I kept being reminded of a clip of Matt Walsh being a weird debate pervert when talking to a gender studies professor",
        "zzz",
        "This video is so stupid and wrong",
        "first",
        "I’m so early"
    ]
}


video_link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yiuG4_8ySY